---
layout: post
title: Week Ten!
---

Post-exam report!
<br>

<b>What did you do this week?</b>
<br>This week was exam on top of exam and I spent just about all of my time sleeping and reading. It's a grind we're all familiar with but I feel like it paid off, for the most part. The Graphics exam is the exception to the "most part" of the last sentence. The exam wasn't difficult, or shouldn't have been, but it involved so much math that we've had practically no practice with. But, oh well. Such is life.<br>
Oh! We finally got our test scores back! I did pretty well (read; better than I expected), and the class as a whole made an 80% average! Good on 'ya, friend-o's.
<br>

<b>What's in your way?</b>
<br>Oh boy, this project. The program itself isn't difficult to implement if we just dove straight at the naive implementation. However, we need to start getting into the feel of more object-oriented design and it's giving me some trouble. I understand the need for modularity, but this is the first time I've been asked not to use getters and setters, and it's taken some adjusting to. I also have yet another Graphics project due next week, so there's that.<br>

<b>What will you do next week?</b>
<br>Knock out this project for sure! It oughta be fun to work on. Besides that, I have one last exam to take; Ancient Mediterranean History! I never thought I'd be so into history, but man is it fun. I've got a lot of reading to do to prepare, but it hardly feels like work, which I'll take as a good sign.<br>
<br>For the find of the week, I ran into <a href="http://smashthestack.org/index.html">Smash The Stack</a>, a fun hacking game. Being a beginner, it's taking a lot of googling to figure out how to progress, but any security enthusiasts reading this should have a lot of fun killing it.
<br><br>
Until next time, dear reader.
