---
layout: post
title: Week Five!
---

Fifth week, here we go.
<br>

<b>What did you do this week?:</b>
<br>Finished Project2 with my parter. We actually ended up getting below 1.00 RMSE without any issues, so the project was mostly focused on properly structuring the code and generating good unit tests. Dealing with the caches was a little tricky, but given the enormous time limit, we didn't have to worry much about optimization. The presentations that we get instead of lectures every now and then are incredible. Really sparks my interest in companies I didn't really know existed.<br>

<b>What's in your way?</b>
<br>As far as this class goes, the only thing standing in my way in particular is a few C++ details. I'm keeping up okay with all of the pointer math but it can get a bit hectic keeping up with the details. At least we got a warning about being able to write the different functions! Watch out for pointers on the exam, friends.<br>

<b>What will you do next week?</b>
<br>This lull between projects for this class is allowing me quite a bit of free time to focus on other classes' projects. My Graphics class has had quite an interesting (read; difficult) first project, so I'll have to finish that before I can really focus on anything else. We haven't gotten many reading-related quizzes recently, but it can't hurt to keep up with them anyway, especially with the midterm right around the corner.<br>
<br> For the tip of the week, <a href = "http://bigocheatsheet.com/#">The Big O Cheat Sheet</a> is something that a lot of students probably used when first getting into data structures, but I recently rediscovered it due to this last project and it's a fun tool that can help you quickly decide which type of data structure best suits your needs. It doesn't cover all structures or specify implementations, but all in all, it's worth using if you haven't memorized every detail of the various commonly used data structures.
<br><br>
We're a third of the way through the semester, everyone! Wooh!
<br><br>
Until next time, dear reader.
