---
layout: post
title: SWE Week One!
---

AAAAAND WE'RE BACK.
Last semester I was in Glenn Downing's OOP class and I was so thoroughly impressed that I had to take SWE. I'm looking forward to another great semester!<br>
<b>What did you do this past week?</b><br>
The famous "syllabus week" has gone through without a hitch. This semester I'm focusing entirely on Computer Science classes, so this week has consisted almost entirely of getting my system ready for the work we'll be doing this semester. Thankfully, I already have Docker installed and I've had experience using Travis and Docker because of OOP last semester.<br>
<b>What's in your way?</b><br>
Nothing, so far! The only thing that worries me is that it's been quite some time since I've written anything in Python, and most of my classes, to my surprise, will be using Python as their primary language. It shouldn't be too hard to review, however! Python is fairly intuitive, in my opinion.<br>
<b>What will you do next week?</b><br>
Practice a little Python and work hard to keep up in my classes. Many of them, including this one, will be intensive and project-focused. That means that, whatever my initial time allocations may be, I'll have to account for a few hours of slack, and that means starting <b>early</b>.<br>
<b>What's my experience of the class?</b><br>
As always, Downing's lectures are impressive. The enthusiasm is contagious, and it's hard to stop listening. I hope that the rest of the semester goes just as well!<br>
<b>tip-of-the-week?</b><br>
If you're anything like me, getting started in open-source contributions may seem like a daunting task. Something that helped me get my bearings was this <a href="https://medium.com/clarifai-champions/99-pr-oblems-a-beginners-guide-to-open-source-abc1b867385a#.4gzaewt15">blog post</a> over at Medium.com, giving an overview of how to get started and the resources available. It's a good introductory read and I recommend getting into open-source if you haven't already.<br>
Well that's all for tonight!
Until next time, dear reader.
