---
layout: post
title: SWE; Finale
---

<br><b>What did you do this past week?</b><br>
AAAAAH I got an internship! It was a wild process. I've never been to interview training or anything like that, and I had to do my first panel interview, but I got through the steps and got hired! They're doing intern-to-hire, so it probably didn't hurt that next semester will be my last, and will only be a single class. I guess I'll put a pause on the whole "family construction business" thing for now. I also got some stuff done for school! Mostly just an AI project, no big deal.<br>
<br><b>What's in your way?</b><br>
Nothing now! I have a couple of exams to take, but they don't feel like things to overcome. They feel more like forms to fill out to prove I know the material, which I do. If I had to put something down as being in my way, it'd be this upcoming presentation that I am admittedly unprepared for. I do, however, have a pretty nice knowledge of the project we built, so it should be no problem to talk for a few minutes about it!<br>
<br><b>What will you do next week?</b><br>
FIND A NEW APARTMENT. Oh gee, I refrain from complaining about it but oh my lord, it's time to go. Now that I'll have a steady source of income, my roommate and I can afford to dip out of this place. School-wise, I have this exam to prepare for and a presentation to do. All-in-all, things are going swell.<br>
<br><b>What's my experience of the class?</b><br>
I've always mentioned how much I enjoy this class, but I really have to say that besides a fun time, it's been the most valuable class I've taken, along with OOP and Data Structures. 99% of the questions I've been asked on interviews and in meetings have been discussed in one of these three classes, so shout out once more to Downing for teaching this.<br>
<br><b>tip-of-the-week?</b><br>
For my tip this week, I'd like to recommend <a href="https://www.codecademy.com/">Codecademy</a>, an online challenge-tutorial sort of site that I just discovered. It's a nice alternative to HackerRank if you want a different set of challenges.<br>
Until next time!
